tfe_team_access: Add Custom workspace access support (#184)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-tfe: website/docs/d/team_access.html.markdown

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` The team access ID.

> * `access` - The type of access granted to the team on the workspace.
> * `permissions.0.runs` - The permission granted to runs. Valid values are `read`, `plan`, or `apply`
> * `permissions.0.variables` - The permissions granted to variables. Valid values are `none`, `read`, or `write`
> * `permissions.0.state_versions` - The permissions granted to state versions. Valid values are `none`, `read-outputs`, `read`, or `write`
> * `permissions.0.sentinel_mocks` - The permissions granted to Sentinel mocks. Valid values are `none` or `read`
> * `permissions.0.workspace_locking` - Whether permission is granted to manually lock the workspace or not.

Reviewer: this should bring these docs closer to the other docs we have that use similar blocks.
```suggestion
* `access` - The type of access granted to the team on the workspace.
* `permissions` - The permissions granted to the team on the workspaces for each whatever.

The `permissions` block contains:

* `runs` - The permission granted to runs. Valid values are `read`, `plan`, or `apply`
* `variables` - The permissions granted to variables. Valid values are `none`, `read`, or `write`
* `state_versions` - The permissions granted to state versions. Valid values are `none`, `read-outputs`, `read`, or `write`
* `sentinel_mocks` - The permissions granted to Sentinel mocks. Valid values are `none` or `read`
* `workspace_locking` - Whether permission is granted to manually lock the workspace or not.
```
